Firebase/GetDataFromFirebase.java
 Firebase.GetDataFromFirebase
 Firebase.GetDataFromFirebase$1
 Firebase.GetDataFromFirebase$2
com/naer/pdfreader/RequestJavaV2Task.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.RequestJavaV2Task
 com.naer.pdfreader.RequestJavaV2Task$CallRequestJavaV2Task
 com.naer.pdfreader.RequestJavaV2Task$TaskCompletedListener
com/naer/pdfreader/BuildConfig.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.BuildConfig
com/naer/pdfreader/DramaAchievement.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$10
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$10$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$10$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$10$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$10$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$10$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$11
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$11$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$11$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$11$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$11$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$11$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$3$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$4$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$4$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$4$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$4$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$5$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$5$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$5$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$5$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$5$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$6$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$6$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$6$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$6$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$6$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$7$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$7$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$7$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$7$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$7$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$8$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$8$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$8$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$8$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$8$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$9
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$9$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$9$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$9$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$9$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaAchievement$9$4$1
com/naer/pdfreader/DBHelper.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.DBHelper
com/naer/pdfreader/testAItext.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.testAItext
 com.naer.pdfreader.testAItext$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.testAItext$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.testAItext$3
com/naer/pdfreader/DescribeActivity.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$10
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$11
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$12
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$13
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$14
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$15
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$15$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$15$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$15$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$16
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$16$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$16$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$17
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$17$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$18
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$19
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$20
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$21
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$22
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$7$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$7$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$8$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$8$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$9
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$9$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$9$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$SpeechListener
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$SpeechListener$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$SpeechListener$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DescribeActivity$SpeechListener$3
com/naer/pdfreader/LanguageConfig.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.LanguageConfig
com/naer/pdfreader/ImageListActivity.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.ImageListActivity
 com.naer.pdfreader.ImageListActivity$1
com/naer/pdfreader/Config.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.Config
com/naer/pdfreader/Place.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.Place
com/naer/pdfreader/PDFGLViewAct.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.PDFGLViewAct
 com.naer.pdfreader.PDFGLViewAct$SimpleRenderer
com/naer/pdfreader/MessageAdapter.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.MessageAdapter
 com.naer.pdfreader.MessageAdapter$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.MessageAdapter$DownloadFile
 com.naer.pdfreader.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.naer.pdfreader.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/naer/pdfreader/ImageListAdapter.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.ImageListAdapter
Model/DialogPracticBehavior.java
 Model.DialogPracticBehavior
com/naer/pdfreader/ImageUpload.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.ImageUpload
Firebase/UploadStudentsBehavior.java
 Firebase.UploadStudentsBehavior
com/naer/pdfreader/KeyList.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.KeyList
com/naer/pdfreader/CardViewData.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.CardViewData
 com.naer.pdfreader.CardViewData$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CardViewData$ItemClickListener
 com.naer.pdfreader.CardViewData$ViewHolder
 com.naer.pdfreader.CardViewData$ViewHolder$1
com/naer/pdfreader/PhotoActivity.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.PhotoActivity
 com.naer.pdfreader.PhotoActivity$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.PhotoActivity$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.PhotoActivity$3
com/naer/pdfreader/ScreenShot.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.ScreenShot
com/naer/pdfreader/TestAc.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.TestAc
com/naer/pdfreader/GetDataShow.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.GetDataShow
 com.naer.pdfreader.GetDataShow$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.GetDataShow$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.GetDataShow$2$1
Model/StudentsSpeech.java
 Model.StudentsSpeech
Others/diff_match_patch.java
 Others.diff_match_patch
 Others.diff_match_patch$1
 Others.diff_match_patch$Diff
 Others.diff_match_patch$LinesToCharsResult
 Others.diff_match_patch$Operation
 Others.diff_match_patch$Patch
com/naer/pdfreader/BestDiff.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.BestDiff
 com.naer.pdfreader.BestDiff$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.BestDiff$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.BestDiff$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.BestDiff$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.BestDiff$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.BestDiff$6
Interface/IDataDownloadCompleted.java
 Interface.IDataDownloadCompleted
com/naer/pdfreader/GetDiffWords.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.GetDiffWords
com/naer/pdfreader/TTS.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.TTS
 com.naer.pdfreader.TTS$1
Model/DescribeData.java
 Model.DescribeData
com/naer/pdfreader/ConversationHomework.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$10
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$10$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$10$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$11
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$12
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$13
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$14
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$15
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$15$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$15$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$15$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$16
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$16$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$16$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$17
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$18
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$19
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$20
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$21
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$21$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$21$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$21$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$22
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$22$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$22$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$23
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$24
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3$3$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3$3$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3$4$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$3$4$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$9
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$9$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationHomework$9$2
Model/StoreTheEditData.java
 Model.StoreTheEditData
com/naer/pdfreader/AboutActivity.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.AboutActivity
com/naer/pdfreader/CameraPreview.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.CameraPreview
com/naer/pdfreader/chat.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.chat
com/naer/pdfreader/EditDrama.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$1$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$10
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$11
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$12
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$13
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$14
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$15
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$16
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$17
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$18
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$19
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$20
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$20$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$20$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$20$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$21
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$21$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$21$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$22
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$23
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$24
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$25
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$26
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$26$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$26$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$26$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$27
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$27$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$27$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$28
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$29
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$30
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$31
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$32
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$32$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$32$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$32$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$33
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$33$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$33$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$34
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$35
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$36
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$37
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$38
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$38$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$38$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$38$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$39
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$39$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$39$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$40
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$40$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$41
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$41$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$42
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$42$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$43
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$43$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$44
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$45
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$2$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$2$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$2$1$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$2$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$2$2$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$2$2$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$46$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$2$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$2$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$2$1$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$2$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$2$2$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$2$2$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$5$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.EditDrama$9
com/naer/pdfreader/DramaRecycleView.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaRecycleView
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaRecycleView$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaRecycleView$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaRecycleView$2$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaRecycleView$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaRecycleView$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaRecycleView$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.DramaRecycleView$5$1
com/naer/pdfreader/DialogActivity.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$10
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$100
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$101
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$102
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$103
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$104
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$105
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$106
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$107
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$108
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$109
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$11
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$110
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$111
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$112
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$113
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$114
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$115
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$116
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$117
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$118
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$119
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$12
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$120
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$13
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$14
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$15
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$16
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$17
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$18
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$19
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$20
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$21
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$22
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$23
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$24
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$25
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$26
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$27
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$28
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$29
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$30
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$31
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$32
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$33
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$34
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$35
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$36
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$37
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$38
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$39
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$40
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$41
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$42
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$43
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$44
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$45
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$46
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$47
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$48
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$49
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$50
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$51
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$52
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$53
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$54
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$55
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$56
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$57
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$58
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$59
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$60
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$61
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$62
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$63
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$64
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$65
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$66
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$67
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$68
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$69
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$70
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$71
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$72
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$73
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$74
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$75
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$76
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$77
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$78
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$79
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$80
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$81
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$82
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$83
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$84
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$85
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$86
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$87
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$88
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$89
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$9
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$90
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$91
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$92
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$93
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$94
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$95
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$96
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$97
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$98
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$99
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$SpeechListener
 com.naer.pdfreader.DialogActivity$SpeechListener$1
com/naer/pdfreader/Student.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.Student
com/naer/pdfreader/KeyDatabase.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.KeyDatabase
com/naer/pdfreader/SearchMapService.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.SearchMapService
com/naer/pdfreader/CreatDrama.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$10
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$11
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$11$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$12
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$13
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$13$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$14
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$15
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$15$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$16
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$17
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$17$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$18
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$19
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$3$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$6$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$9
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$20$9$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$21
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$22
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$23
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$24
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$25
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$26
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$27
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$28
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$29
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$30
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$31
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$32
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.CreatDrama$9
com/naer/pdfreader/MySQLiteOpenHelper.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.MySQLiteOpenHelper
Model/DescribeList.java
 Model.DescribeList
com/naer/pdfreader/ConversationPractice.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$10
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$11
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$12
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$13
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$14
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$14$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$14$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$15
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$15$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$16
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$16$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$16$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$9
 com.naer.pdfreader.ConversationPractice$SpeechListener
com/naer/pdfreader/ChoosePracticrPart.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChoosePracticrPart
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChoosePracticrPart$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChoosePracticrPart$2
Model/DescribeClickTime.java
 Model.DescribeClickTime
Model/SpeechData.java
 Model.SpeechData
com/naer/pdfreader/diffMatchPatch.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.diffMatchPatch
 com.naer.pdfreader.diffMatchPatch$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.diffMatchPatch$Diff
 com.naer.pdfreader.diffMatchPatch$LinesToCharsResult
 com.naer.pdfreader.diffMatchPatch$Operation
 com.naer.pdfreader.diffMatchPatch$Patch
Model/TimeOfSee.java
 Model.TimeOfSee
com/naer/pdfreader/MainActivity.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$1$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$1$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$2$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$2$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$7$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.MainActivity$9
com/naer/pdfreader/ChatbotActivity.java
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$10
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$11
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$11$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$12
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$13
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$14
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$15
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$16
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$17
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$18
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$19
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$2
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$20
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$21
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$22
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$23
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$24
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$3
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$4
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$5
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$6
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$7
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$8
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$9
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$MyRecognizerListener
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$MyRecognizerListener$1
 com.naer.pdfreader.ChatbotActivity$TtsOnClickListener
